hey everybody it's funny and today I'm
going to do a so quick outfit of the day
for you guys when an iPhone vlog y'all
can see the Tower of Terror behind me
but I guess it doesn't look very good or
sound very good for me to talk over that
nonsensical like droning whatever that
noise is I don't know like generating
air we can just what am I talking about
I don't know um so what to show you guys
my outfit really quick my collar is like
totally popped up right now that's
awesome by the way um so what you can
see I'm wearing it is a little bit cold
here to me right now I know that sounds
crazy but in Texas it's already like a
hundred degrees and here during the day
even it's barely been getting up to 80
so that is really freaking freezing cold
to me I know I'm crazy I know a lot of
you guys live lots of colder places but
hey it's just what I'm used to but then
again I used here in my car in Texas
during the summertime I'm a reptile okay
I need a heat lamp so I do have on this
little denim jacket now I made this look
like this I kind of aged it and bleached
it out it was a much darker denim when I
got it from the thrift store trying to
see if I can get like a shot of the back
of it maybe not I don't know what kind
of iPhone sorcery can we do here oh look
does this work
oh I figured it out can y'all see that
can you zoom I don't know um so that's
what the back of it looks like I can try
and get some better shots of this when I
get home oh my god look it's like
Inception it's like I'm going on forever
oh I'm upside down right now or am I now
I don't know how did we start this out
if I'm upside down right now I'm sorry
let's now am i right side up again is
that okay I hope that this is right if
not now you're watching me upside down
okay so I bought this jacket for
literally like a dollar and fifty cents
at the first store and then edited it
all by myself I don't know I kind of
like bleached it and whatever underneath
is a very sheer shirt but it's okay
because I am in fact wearing a bathing
suit top under this so nobody freak out
this is still PG
good video it's a very sheer mint-green
kind of top and it is like a collared
button-down as I'm sure you guys can
tell I got this right before I left
Houston from American Apparel a lot of
you are asking where I'm from by the way
in case you're new to my channel because
I've been in Savannah and now I'm in
Orlando but I'm from Houston Texas so
that's where I'm going home um and then
last but not least I'm wearing these
shorts that I made and tie-dyed myself
these are actually originally from
forever 21 or alligators made it and if
you want to know what's wrong with
forever 21 watch my first world problems
at forever 21 video without a doubt
everybody always asked me about that too
so I've got a little beef with them but
it's okay because I did buy these from
the thrift store they're just originally
forever21 brand and I think I paid
something like 60 cents for these and
then I bleached them out and tie-dyed
them myself using like these little
squeezy bottle tie-dye things I like I
can make a video on that when I get home
if y'all are interested I don't really
do like true tie dyeing though so I
don't really know if a tutorial would be
very good for that but I don't know I
try and answer all you guys's questions
like as many as I possibly can so if you
don't want to know about that um maybe I
can do a video when I get home
and then last but not least my shoes are
just like the other day my unis
hellraisers and I mean they're pretty
comfortable these are the most
comfortable shoes that I own I think I
don't know if my feet are just getting
really tired or if these aren't like as
supportive for 18 hour a day where I
don't know I don't um but I'd any right
my feet are beginning to pain me which
kind of sucks
um no makeup on my face thank you so
much to everybody who has been talking
about my complexion and everything I
think one of the things that's kind of
been a lifesaver so a good product that
I recommend would be the Noxzema oil or
Neutrogena excuse me
Neutrogena oil-free cleansing wipes in
the pink grapefruit these are supposed
to
for acne prone skin and I really think
that these have been helping me out a
lot lately the only other thing I have
on my face is my Murad like it's like
the anti acne thing I'll put it in the
info bar and last but not least I'm
wearing my four bracelets like I always
do to or from subscriber mail that you
guys sent me and then the other two the
yin-yang one I got from the thrift store
and then this lavender silk string I
bought at a local bead shop in Houston
but that's it so if you guys want I know
that like the outfit of the day was
commented by somebody and I think like
77 people thumbs up that comment so
that's why I filmed this today but if
y'all have any other like small requests
or if you all ask me a lot of questions
or there's something you want to know I
can try and vlog about it later
today or in tomorrow's little iPhone
vlog but thanks to everybody who played
Twitter questions with me last night I
think I'm going to do that on my bus
ride home again tonight because I had a
lot of fun answering everybody's random
questions it was just super fun so I
will see you guys later and I will talk
to either later today or tomorrow and I
hope y'all are all having a magical day
and I'll see you later bye